OIL AND GAS LEASE (Paid-Up) - DRAFT FOR REVIEW

THIS LEASE is made effective September 15, 2026 by and between JOHN A. MILLER and MARY E. MILLER, husband and wife,
of 412 Ridge Road, Prosperity, Washington County, Pennsylvania ("Lessor"), and CONTOSO ENERGY LLC ("Lessee").

1. GRANT. Lessor leases to Lessee the oil and gas in and under the following land in Amwell Township, Washington County,
   Pennsylvania: Tax Parcel 020-004-00-00-0012-00, being 118.42 gross acres, more or less, as described in Deed Book 3456, Page 221
   ("Leased Premises"). Lessor warrants ownership of an undivided three-fourths (3/4) interest in the oil and gas.

2. TERM. This lease is for a primary term of five (5) years. Lessee may extend the primary term for an additional three (3) years
   by paying Lessor an extension payment equal to the bonus consideration per net mineral acre paid at signing.

3. BONUS. Consideration of $3,500.00 per net mineral acre, paid at execution. No delay rentals are due (paid-up lease).

4. ROYALTY. Lessee shall pay Lessor a royalty of eighteen percent (18%) of the gross proceeds received by Lessee at the point of
   sale, free of all costs of gathering, compression, dehydration, treating, processing, transportation and marketing.

5. SHUT-IN. If a well capable of producing is shut in, Lessee shall pay $10.00 per net mineral acre per year, not to exceed two (2)
   consecutive years.

6. POOLING. Lessee may pool the Leased Premises with other lands into units not exceeding 640 acres plus a 10% tolerance for gas.
   Lessee shall not pool any interest of Lessor without Lessor's written consent as to units exceeding that size.

7. DEPTH LIMITATION. This lease covers only formations from the surface to the stratigraphic equivalent of the base of the
   Marcellus Shale. All deeper formations, including the Utica/Point Pleasant, are excluded and reserved to Lessor.

8. PUGH CLAUSE. At the end of the primary term (as extended), this lease shall terminate as to all lands outside a producing unit
   and, as to lands inside a unit, as to all depths 100 feet below the deepest producing formation.

9. CONTINUOUS DEVELOPMENT. Following the primary term, this lease is maintained only so long as no more than 180 days elapse
   between the completion of one well and the commencement of the next.

10. SURFACE. Lessee shall have no right to use the surface of the Leased Premises for any purpose (no surface operations).

11. ASSIGNMENT. Lessee shall not assign this lease in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Lessor, which shall not
    be unreasonably withheld; assignment to an affiliate or as security for financing is permitted without consent.

12. WARRANTY. Lessor warrants title to the extent of the interest described in Paragraph 1 and agrees to defend the same.

13. AUDIT. Lessor may audit Lessee's royalty accounting once per calendar year on 60 days' notice.

14. FAVORED NATIONS. If Lessee grants a higher royalty or bonus to any lessor within Amwell Township within 12 months, Lessor shall
    receive the same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ...
